Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Yeah, I just got off
the bus, girlfriend.
Getting closer...
Told you so; a million coins!
Getting closer.
Excusez-moi.
Treasure Hunter?
Sorry, chérie, got to go.
Is he with you?
Him? No.
Okay, don't mean to be impolite, but...
Hey!
It is a million coins, you know!
Oh, come on.
Sorry, ladies. Snooze, you lose.
Hey!
I just lost service!
- Yeah, me, too.
- Yeah, I think we all did.
Serves you right, you Wanker.
- What was that?
- The door.
It's locked.
The window.
I mean, it's obviously part of the game.
I don't think so.
Hey! Let us out!
Don't try to escape.
- This is cool.
- No. This is bad.
Who are you?
The guilty must
confess or everyone dies.
Guys, over here!
Don't try to leave.
Didn't you hear what he said?
Guys, this is a really bad idea.
He can see us. You should stay.
I'll come back with help.
Be careful.
Yeah. I'm going too.
He killed him.
_
Doesn't look much like a game.
It's all too real.
We understand the castle
and grounds are wired to blow.
So he claims.
The police can't get close
enough to verify that,
- or the fatality he reported.
- Why not?
He says he'll kill all the hostages
if he even sees a uniform.
So the police are keeping
their distance.
- At least until nightfall.
- If that player isn't dead,
he could be out there bleeding to death.
A chopper scanned the trees
for a heat signature.
No one's alive down there.
Okay. What happens at nightfall?
A tactical unit ends this.
One way or another.
That gives us six hours.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
I don't know.
We're still waiting
for more information.
Look, as soon as I know something,
you'll know something, okay.
Look, I'll-I'll call you back, okay?
This is Gavin Nichols,
Senior VP with Zama Corp.
- The company that made the game.
- What a nightmare.
One customer dead,
four more trapped inside.
- All playing Treasure Hunter?
- No. Technically, yes.
But we never had a trail
that lead up here.
What they saw on their phones,
the treasure map
with a million-coin payout,
that wasn't us.
Gavin believes the game was hacked.
To lure them here from
a Treasure Hunter convention
in Cannes. Shall we?
There are thousands
of players at that convention,
- Mr. Nichols, why these five?
- I have no clue.
Well, we'll need to know
the players' names.
We've notified their parents.
They're all on their way here now.
Very good.
The insurance company has
set up a command post for us.
Do you mind giving us
your take on this, Mr. Nichols?
Look, we are the number
one augmented reality game
in the world. We're a billion
dollar company
with millions of players
in 57 countries.
So that makes us a target. But this...
we haven't even received a ransom.
Zama Corp's insurance
provides for a ransom
of up to $10 million.
If he was gonna ask Zama Corp to pay,
you would have received a demand by now.
- How do you know that?
- Pulling something like this
took months of preparation.
We're looking at an extremely
organized personality.
So he's just gonna kill all those kids?
The abductor has demonstrated
a willingness to kill,
but he wouldn't go to all this trouble
if that was his only purpose.
We are already exposed on this thing.
If the police get another one
of those kids killed...
We will bring this to an end,
Mr. Nichols.
Without violence. Okay?
Is he really that good?
He doesn't like to lose, Mr. Nichols.
I keep restarting it,
but still... nothing.
You're wasting your time.
He must have a jammer or something.
Help!
Somebody please!
I don't think that's going
to do any good either.
Why not?
You've heard those helicopters?
The police must be here,
but they're not coming.
- Why?
- Might be too dangerous.
Hey.
You okay?
I've never seen anybody die before.
Me neither.
You were right, he shouldn't have run.
There must be some way out of here.
Are you crazy?!
Do you wanna end up like the other guy?
I don't intend to sit here
doing nothing.
- All this for a million coins.
- Yeah.
My friend said
it was too good to be true.
I'm Camille, by the way.
Camille Lambert.
- Boyd Ferguson.
- Britta Mauer.
My name's Simon Holman,
but I don't plan on
sticking around long enough
to get to know any of you.
I just don't understand why
any of this is happening.
He wants the guilty to confess.
Confess to what? He's toying with us.
No!
There must be a reason the five
of us were brought here.
Four of us now.
No one else tries to escape
- or you all die.
- How?
I think I can guess.
The police haven't recovered the body
because of the threat
to kill the hostages,
but we believe it to be Logan Smythe.
He just turned 18 last month.
Worked part-time at Razorwire,
a software firm
specializing in fire walls.
His parents must be devastated.
I'm sure they will be,
they're in Singapore.
The game company hasn't been
able to contact them yet.
Camille Lambert, 19.
Lives in Paris.
Simon Holman, 19, studies
engineering in Manchester.
Boyd Ferguson, 18, high-school student
from Boise, Idaho.
And Britta Mauer, 20,
personal trainer from Berlin.
And what is the connection?
Other than playing
Treasure Hunter? None.
The abductor called the police
and gave them the names
of his hostages, right?
- That's right.
- So...
he knew this would be public.
He wanted it to be.
But he's staying hidden.
Well, he'll have eyes on his hostages.
See if you can locate a WiFi blackspot.
Some kind of closed circuit feed.
Oliver. Okay. Will do.
Eric, the parents have arrived.
Ah, okay. Maxine,
why don't you come with us?
Sure.
Hi folks, sorry to keep you.
My name is Eric Beaumont,
I'm a professional negotiator.
This is my second, Maxine Carlson.
You've already met Nathalie Denard.
You work for Treasure Hunter?
I'm employed by their insurance company.
- Is it, Mrs. Mauer?
- Yeah, it is.
To make sure your children
get out of this safely.
And that we don't sue
the arses off them.
We'd like to know what you intend to do
to rescue our children, Mr. Beaumont.
It's Mr. and Mrs. Lambert, from Paris.
Yes.
Okay. So you must be
Jane Ferguson from Idaho.
Boise. Yes.
My son talked me into taking
him to this convention.
Well, to answer your question,
what we first need to establish
is why the abductor
has drawn your children here.
He's a nutter, isn't that obvious?
Possibly.
But even emotionally disturbed people
have reasons for their actions,
Mr. Holman. I'm assuming?
Well, well, well...
Got something?
The electrical system has been engaged
to lock the doors and windows.
What happens if the police knock it out?
No. They'd still have to get
past those explosives outside
without their using their
phones to guide them.
But there is something else...
A power feed, going to
a satellite transmitter.
This will lead us
to the location of the voice.
Oliver Yates, you are a man
of many talents.
Yeah.
They said one young man is dead.
I'm afraid so.
This is just awful.
The perpetrator claims
he's hidden explosives
on the ground.
Until they're cleared,
we can't recover his body.
Now, I understand it's difficult,
but we're looking for a connection.
Now we have confirmed that he,
like your children,
played Treasure Hunter. A lot.
Last I heard, millions of
people play that stupid game.
And now someone is dead because of it.
There has to be a connection
between your children,
- Mr. Holman.
- And how can there be?
We all live in different countries.
We've never even been to Europe before.
Sorry to interrupt.
We're doing everything we can
to get them out of there safely.
Excuse us.
Oliver got it a live feed
coming from the castle.
Can you track where the feed goes?
I'm working on it.
The video feed is scrambled,
but I'm tapping into the audio... now.
This isn't a game.
You want a confession?
Tell us the crime!
The abductor wants a confession.
This is like straight out
of an Agatha Christie novel.
Or more like Kernel Mustard
in a library.
You're dating yourself, Hallam,
kids don't play board games anymore.
Yeah. Or read novels.
Why the hell doesn't he answer?
Because he wants us to figure
it out for ourselves.
Come on, somebody here
must know something.
Are you Camille De Clichy?
Yes.
- And you're...
- Oya47.
These are their online names.
BigBadBoyd36.
Shogun Seifuku-sha, at your service.
Who's not here?
Phoenix718.
They all know who that is.
Is he the one you just blew up outside?
I couldn't kill Phoenix718,
because he's already dead.
He killed himself because of
what one of you did to him.
Oh, this isn't about the game at all.
It's about revenge.
Even though they didn't know
each other's faces or voices,
it seems that your children
do know each other.
"Shogun Seifukusha"?
The name your son uses
in chatrooms, Mr. Holman.
I'm sorry, I don't know
what a chatroom is.
It's a website where people
who play the game meet
to message one another.
We've been able to determine
that all of your children
frequented the same chatroom,
which has been active for sometime.
- To talk about the game.
- Not just the game. Um...
Music, videos, anything really.
So to be clear,
this is about something that
was said in a private chatroom,
not on the Treasure Hunter game.
This nutter used your game
to lure our kids here, Mr. Nichols.
You don't get off the hook that easy.
Mr. Beaumont,
Boyd had friends of his own,
what does he need this chatroom for?
Well, online friends can say things
that they may not say to people
in person, Ms. Ferguson.
I mean, they can spend countless hours
talking to each other,
become very close,
- even fall in love.
- What's the point?
Well, the point is,
a member of their chatroom,
someone who went by the name
of Phoenix718,
abruptly disappeared six months ago.
- Apparently, he killed himself.
- Oh.
What does that have
to do with our children?
Phoenix718's profile was deleted,
we haven't been able to recover it.
But we did retrieve a number
of anonymous messages,
calling him stupid, worthless,
and a long list of obscenities.
He was bullied?
One of our kids bullied
Phoenix718 to death,
is that what you're saying?
Well, I don't know why
Phoenix killed himself,
but I do know the abductor
thinks the blame lies
with one of your children.
Look, I don't know anything
about these chatrooms,
but I do know that Boyd
would never bully anyone.
Neither would Camille.
Britta would never do such a thing.
Uh, nor Simon, obviously.
Well, thank you for your time.
We're gonna need some help.
I put a social media expert on the case.
We should hear from her shortly.
Camille.
You okay?
I can't believe Phoenix killed himself.
I remember reading the posts.
They were pretty brutal.
They were.
I think it's pretty obvious
who the bully is.
You got something to say, "BigBadBoyd?"
Yes Simon, I do, as a matter of fact.
Why don't you admit you bullied Phoenix,
- so the rest of us can go?
- Because I didn't bully him.
Maybe you want the voice
of Doom to think I did
- to hide your own guilt.
- I didn't do it.
Okay, then, ladies,
any of you two care to confess?
We all shouldn't all die because
of what one of us did.
Maybe it was the guy who escaped.
That's a good point.
Yeah, what if it was him, mate? Huh?
Any luck tracing that feed
from the castle?
I'm still working on it.
Along with our uniformed
friends down the hill.
There's another problem, though.
- What?
- Our chatroom theory.
It seems one of those players
lured to the castle
- wasn't a member.
- The late Logan Smythe.
Whose body we still haven't recovered.
What was he doing there?
An organized personality like this
wouldn't make a mistake like that.
- Eric, it's for you.
- Great. Patch her in.
Thank you so much for calling.
Your expert, huh?
Hello, Mon chérie.
Mom and Dad working together,
just like old times.
No, we never stopped working together,
Okay, what do you got for us?
All the stuff you sent me
about Phoenix is pretty harsh.
Okay. Anything standout for you?
No pictures of the victim.
But I found a blog post
by a guy named Logan.
Interesting. What's it say?
It's kind of a ranting eulogy,
about how Phoenix was killed
by a cyber-bully.
Hey, Evie, can you send me
a link to the blog?
Yeah, sure thing.
He didn't happen to mention
Phoenix's real name, did he?
No, sorry.
He just kept spewing about how awesome
a Treasure Hunter player he was.
Collected more than just about
anybody in North America.
You couldn't beat him.
Phoenix played Treasure
Hunter in North America.
- Narrows it down.
- Yeah.
Did you find that in 20 minutes?
It's amazing what you can
learn on the Internet.
Except about Dad.
Have you ever done a search of yourself?
There's nothing except your company.
It's like you don't exist.
No, it's liberating, you should try it.
This is great, Honey. Thank you.
Have fun with your grandmother.
I'll come up when I'm done.
And bring Dad, too?
Goodbye, Evie.
You heard what the girl said.
Don't start with me, Mr. Beaumont.
Ah. Ms. Ferguson wants to talk to you.
Um,
I didn't want to say anything
in front of the others...
That's all right.
Whatever you say is between us.
Boyd was diagnosed
with brain cancer last spring.
That's why I agreed to take him
to this game convention.
The doctors think he may
only have six months left.
I'm so sorry, Ms. Ferguson.
I'm pretty sure he has
his medication with him,
but the amount of stress
he must be under, I...
Oh, please, you have got
to get him out of there.
We'll do everything we can.
Thank you for sharing this with us.
You think that's significant?
You can stop staring at the thing.
Maybe there's a way to disable it.
This isn't a movie.
But I wanna get out of here, okay?
Sorry, Boyd,
I don't remember you from the chatroom.
With all the thousands of people
who are in the Treasure Hunter chatroom,
- you don't remember me?
- Hmh.
I'm mortally offended. I remember you.
I do, too.
You're very funny. In a good way.
I do my best.
You gave me good advice
about a boy once.
Oh yeah. Did you listen?
Of course not. That would be sensible.
We're losing our minds in here.
Can you let us out. Please!
He's not letting anybody go
until he gets his confession.
If one of us admitted
to bullying Phoenix,
will you show mercy?
I'm sure whoever did it is really sorry
and wants to come forward,
but they're scared!
Are you okay, Boyd?
Top of the world.
I got it.
- You got where that feed goes.
- Not exactly.
But there's a burner piggy
backing the signal.
I can't trace the location,
but I can try calling it.
Contact.
My name's Eric Beaumont,
I'm a private negotiator.
How did you get this number?
That doesn't really matter, does it?
One life has already been lost.
Now I wanna make sure
that no one else gets hurt.
The guilty party confesses
or they all die.
No latency suggests conviction.
There's no point in trying
to talk him out of this.
The rise in volume
suggests inflexibility.
He's not gonna change his mind.
We need to get on his side
and work with him.
Listen, I'm a professional negotiator.
Let me talk to your captives.
I'll persuade the guilty party
to confess.
Eric, you know
he intends to kill that person?
Yeah.
What do you say? I mean,
the sooner they confess,
the sooner we all go home.
Deal.
Can I talk to you for a minute?
Alone.
Wait. Where are we going?
Just follow me.
What are we doing in here?
That psycho could have
microphones anywhere.
I wanna make sure he's not listening.
We have nothing to talk about.
I'd say we do.
I'm listening.
You're not gonna do anything
stupid, are you?
Like what?
- I feel bad about what happened.
- Oh, boo-hoo.
You're a bastard, you know that?
And you're cuter
than I thought you'd be.
Play your cards right,
and we could have some fun together.
Britta was right about you.
What'd she say?
That you were a jerk.
I'm not so bad.
Give me a chance.
Not going to happen.
But don't worry,
your secret's safe with me.
Our secret, you mean.
Don't go saying something stupid.
Camille! Simon!
What?!
Come back here now.
We're all here now.
I'm Eric Beaumont, a negotiator.
Well, there's a bomb in here,
Mr. Negotiator!
The whole place is wired to blow.
We're gonna get you out
of there safe and sound.
I know that your parents
will be relieved to hear
you're all okay.
We're fine.
- Is my father there, too?
- He is.
Could you tell my mother
I love her, please.
- Mine, too.
- And mine.
And tell her I'm really
sorry about this.
Of course I will.
I'm gonna get you outta there,
but I'm gonna need your help.
What kind of help?
You all knew Phoenix718.
Can anyone explain why he was bullied?
Okay, I didn't do anything,
but he was kind of annoying.
In what way?
He was just very full of himself, and...
thought he knew everything
about anything.
Look, he killed himself.
I'm sorry about that,
but we didn't touch him.
Someone thought enough of Phoenix718
to seek revenge on his behalf.
It's terrible, what happened to him.
But if one of us did,
and I'm not saying we did,
drive him to it,
and we admitted that? We'd be killed.
Enough.
Well, that wasn't very helpful, was it?
Oh, to the contrary.
Can you get the abductor
back on the line?
- Right away.
- Eric...
Well?
I think I know who bullied Phoenix.
You think? But no...
You'll have to repeat that,
we didn't get it.
I said, you think, but no one confessed.
Well, talking to them over
a speaker doesn't work.
I need to see them face to face.
Eric, the castle is
surrounded by explosives.
Five players followed a path
inside without incident.
Send me the same instructions
that you sent them.
If you don't find the guilty party,
you die with them.
Eric, are you sure this is a good idea?
Well, we've only got an hour
before the sun sets
and the police come charging in.
He may not see you
as an asset. In which case,
he can direct you to walk
right into an explosive.
- That's not how he plays.
- But you can't be certain.
No I can't, but it's the only
move I've got right now.
The instructions are in.
All right, send them to my phone.
Eric, you told him you
know who bullied Phoenix.
What happens when he finds out
you're bluffing?
Who's bluffing?
You know who bullied him?
I have an idea.
It's a game, Maxine.
Don't worry, I won't lose.
Where's Eric?
Please tell me he's not going inside.
I would if that wasn't
exactly what he's doing.
Eric, turn around now.
Nathalie, it's fine.
You're gonna blow yourself up!
I've got a map for this.
Trust me.
He's far more likely to kill me
when I get inside.
Is that supposed to be reassuring?
It's gonna be dark in 30 minutes.
I'll go speak to the police.
I'll stall them as long as I can.
Thank you.
_
You know that part where
his voice was garbled before?
- Yeah, I remember.
- Can you play that again?
I traced a call through a PDX system.
- Probably an office or a hotel.
- Okay.
You think? But no...
It's distorted by the audio filter,
but I know I've heard that sound before.
So have I.
I think I know where it's coming from.
Okay, I'm in the courtyard.
Okay, the entry codes
are coming through.
38, 71, 19.
Once you step inside,
the door will lock behind you
and the code will be invalid.
Hold the door. Hold the door!
Don't let anyone leave.
Give me your phone.
No service, huh?
Games room, though here?
Church bells.
That's the sound we heard on the call.
The voice must be close.
The hotel. Zara, look.
- Let's hope Oliver was right.
- Okay.
Our host is listening so...
let's talk about who bullied Phoenix718.
It wasn't me.
I already said, I didn't do it.
Right. But you all know
what was happening to Phoenix
and did nothing to stop it.
Isn't that true?
Service De chambre.
That was the last one.
Zara, look.
It had to be that guy he
killed when we first got here.
- I don't think so.
- Why not?
Either someone left the light on...
Or...
Well, because Logan's not dead.
How's that possible?
Logan Smythe worked
at a software company
specializing in firewalls.
Eric was right, this is a game.
Only he had the know how
to pull off something like this
and he was the only here
who wasn't a member of your chatroom.
Logan Smythe.
Nice to see you're not blown to pieces.
It's all choreographed perfectly.
Logan finding the only window
in the entire castle
that wasn't locked shut.
Triggers an explosive just
as he runs into the tree line.
- But I saw him die.
- We all saw him die.
Well, you saw what he wanted you to see.
Then he convinced everybody
there were more explosives,
so they couldn't check for a body.
Logan digitally disguised his voice.
He's who you've been
talking to this whole time.
So his death wasn't real.
No more real than those
explosives outside the castle.
There's another one in this cupboard.
It's a fake.
You're kidding me.
The bomb squad's on the way.
Call them off. No bombs.
But the voice was talking
to us with Logan in the room.
Oh no, he pre-recorded his voice.
Someone here triggered it with a remote.
Who?
Phoenix718.
I take it that's real.
One way to find out.
Oliver, could you call
the parents over please?
Right away.
You're BigBadBoyd36.
That was someone else's
handle in the chatroom.
Boyd was Phoenix718.
No, Phoenix killed himself.
He attempted suicide.
That's why you closed
your account, isn't it?
I promised Boyd I'd be there for him.
Right 'til the very end.
This is the end.
He thought he'd found real friends.
And what did they do to him?
The police are gonna move
on the castle, Logan,
- they'll kill him.
- He's dying anyway.
You are loyal to your friend,
we get that.
But there are other kids in
there that could get hurt, too.
The only way anyone is
walking out of there
is if the bully confesses.
Whoever did it, confess.
Confess now, or you all die!
It's your kid.
- Boyd?
- They're all here, Eric.
Okay, you might wanna tone it down,
your mother is listening now.
No, she never understood.
Life was hell at school.
The only place I had a life was online.
I understand.
These online contacts
became your real friends.
More than friends.
They were my family.
I liked you, Phoenix. I really did.
You didn't.
You were always a little odd,
but you were kind
and you never hurt anybody.
Please.
You're obnoxious. Self-centered.
Even before I saw you,
I could tell you were a nerd.
And a loser.
No wonder you couldn't get it up.
You wanna die?!
I said that to you
in a private chatroom.
And then one of you decided
to violate my trust.
Mock me.
Humiliate me.
I told you, I didn't do it.
You can put the gun down, Boyd.
I can tell you who it was.
Who?
Who was it?
- Me.
- Camille?
Boyd, no.
You?
- But he...
- He thought it was funny.
But I'm the one who started all.
Why?
Isn't it obvious, mate?
Look at me, look at you.
She couldn't even see me or you?
Shogun flirted with me.
My real-life boyfriend
just broke up with me.
I guess the attention made me feel good.
I wanted to impress him.
I didn't make her do it.
- Don't try and pin this on me.
- I'm not saying that.
It was all me.
The crueler I was,
the more attention he gave me.
I'm sorry.
I liked you.
I really did.
But you have to pay for what you did.
I get it. You had one thing
on you bucket list,
to find out who betrayed you,
but now that you know...
what you want is revenge,
what you need...
is to forgive.
You really want to hurt her?
I'm sorry.
You're kidding me.
The Stockholm syndrome, right?
It's remorse, you idiot.
Pretty slick operation,
you got here, Ace.
Obviously not slick enough.
Yeah, well, #realworldproblems, huh?
Just one question.
Boyd lives in Idaho, you live in London,
How'd you guys even meet?
We still haven't, actually.
All this for someone
you've never even met?
I know what it's like
to be bullied like that.
When I heard about the brain tumor,
I just wanted to give him
something before he died.
Yeah, well...
there's some police officers
who'd like to ask you
some question about that.
I don't speak French.
Good thing I'm here to translate.
Maman.
Mr. Holman.
On behalf of Zama Corporation,
I'd like to express our relief
that Simon has been returned...
Save it for court.
I'm going to sue you so hard
your great grandchildren will owe me.
Car. Now.
Lieutenant.
Hey.
You scared me so much.
Jane, we might wanna give them a moment.
Thank you so much.
I wanted to tell you that
if we met in person,
I never would have done any of it.
But if it's not too late,
maybe we can be friends.
I'd like that.
Probably. Yeah.
Good job keeping the cops at bay.
When did you know Phoenix was Boyd?
I'm in trouble, aren't I?
When Ms. Ferguson said this
was her first trip to Europe.
That early?
Well, you know how I feel
about coincidences.
And the explosives?
You knew also that they weren't real?
You're right. I should've told you,
- so you didn't worry.
- Why would I worry
if the father of my child
gets blown sky high?
I don't even get called
"husband" any more?
All right, the truth is, I had a hunch.
I was not certain.
And yet you walked through them
to save the lives of those kids?
Evie could have been one of those kids.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org